Hello guys,

This is my first project after CS50's final project in which I built a handling routine website, it was a big step up for me and my personal coding skills. It consists of an iOS App that allow Doctors to receive their future income from hospitals if they want with some spread(My profit is the spread) and then the hospital would pay at their date to me instead of the doctor. The current version only has this functionality, so it might be a bit hard for hospitals to allow me to integrate this into their business, so on upcoming meetings with hospital owners I'm curious to hear their opinions on this.

The current version works as intended and is a good product to start showing to potential users and hospitals. My back-end consists of a Django server. I've known python basics for quite a while and my CS50 final project was made using Flask, so I thought I would try the other famous framework to have it on my portolio as well. As expected, I found Django to be much much easier to use due to its many built-in functionalities when handling with databases, specially the admin view, which I found to be a good and easy to use interface for the operator to manually handle requests from users, which is our idea at a first moment. I first used SQLite, but since the backend API is already on the cloud I've decided to move to PostgreSQL and run on AWS RDS. My front-end uses Expo React Native framework, it allowed me to test the app on my own iOS so I've been testing the app as a PO and I'm happy with this current version as a pre-release. My partner is currently looking into regulatory issues and what we'll need to get this company running. I'm using localtunnel for my server and a Ngrok tunnel on expo to be able to test this application wherever I am.

The first plan was to build this on Swift, but after trying out Mac VM I've decided to use a language native to windows or linux. After development I'm happy with this decision, since it will allow me to port my application to Android devices as well. I've come to realize that I'll still neeed a MacOS product to deploy the app eventually, so I got a Macbook Pro thats coming in the few days.

I'm happy to say that both the frontend and the backend have been tested on docker containers and they both work as intended. Also, the backend has been sucessfully deployed using AWS, I've used ECR to deploy the Docker image, ECS to run the EC2 instance and RDS to deploy the Postgres db. I struggled a bit with cloud computing but overall I'm glad I can say I have something working on the web. The current main priority is to launch the frontend on the apple store. While my macbook doesn't arrive, I plan to start working on a new functionality for the app to make it easier to sell for hospitals, been thinking of a work schedule management for hospitals to track the days each doctor works there to facilitate payment. That would be great for hospitals, for doctors and would allow me to automate the information regard to what I can fast pay the doctors to receive the spread. This is just an early development thought, but I might start a new repository for this and merge with this later, I'll decide on the upcoming days.

I also want to deploy this app in a verson that people can test it on my future personal website that will serve me as a portfolio, I'll also try it out if I can easily deploy a language select for english speakers or I'll just create an English version. I also want to work on a better Welcome page instead of just a text saying "Soon" and there are some upgrades on the backlog that I consider important to be launch ready, but those aren't a priority and are just fixes that I think it won't be too troublesome to develop.

This has been a great learning experience for me, this is miles harder than the website I built for my CS50's final project and using those different tools: Django, Github(while I did deploy my final project on Github, I didn't handle version control in development phase), React Native, Docker and AWS will definetely help me in my search for a job eventually. I thought multiple times the next step would be hard, but ended up being a simple solution. I'm starting to like programming even more after this and I can't wait to discover what I'm building next.